MARY J. SAMPSON
Sometown, NY 55555
Tel: (555) 555-5555
Email: ms@somedomain.com

August 10, 2017

Mr. Michael Preston
Human Resources Director
ABC Corporation
55 Madison Ave.
Sometown, NY 55555

Re: Graphic Designer, Advertised on Monster

Dear Mr. Preston:

It might seem strange that I get excited thinking about colors, typography and cascading style sheets, but my passion for all aspects of graphic design has remained strong throughout my 10-year career. I am very interested in the graphic designer position posted on Monster, and hope to have the chance to interview for this exciting opportunity.

My background includes corporate, agency and freelance graphic design experience, with a history of leading print, interactive and digital design projects to acclaimed completion. I have worked on nationwide and international marketing, advertising, product launch and image campaigns for global brands and companies, including DEFCO, GHI Co-op and JKL Assoc., Inc., as well as a host of startup and mid-size businesses.

Highlights of my skills include:

Print and Digital Graphic Design
Website, UX and GUI Design
Packaging Design
Flash Animation and 3D Art
Brand Creation and Extension
Interactive Media and Typography Design
Clickable Prototypes and Information Architecture
Pre-Press and Printing Processes
Original Artwork and Photorealistic Illustration
Color Rendering and Correction

I am backed by a BA in graphic design and proficiencies in Adobe Creative Suite, HTML, HTML5, CSS, WordPress and a range of other design, video, web, wireframe and multimedia software.

Here is a brief overview of my recent education:

May 2019 – Advanced Course in Digital Graphic Design, University of Delaware, Newark, DE
January 2018 – Hootsuite Certified Professional, Hootsuite Media, Albany, NY
March 2017 – Cinema 4D Master (C4D), ADMEC Multimedia Institute, Online
May 2014 – Bachelor of Arts in Graphic Design, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA

Dedicated to bringing brands to life through omni-channel marketing programs, my key focus is to exceed client and employer expectations. I enjoy collaborating with clients, creative teams and production professionals to deliver design solutions propelling web traffic, social media engagement, response rates and customer-acquisition results.

Here are what some clients have to say:

DEFCO
     defco is a family owned business with a 65,000 square foot manufacturing facility located on 15 acres in Southeast Decatur, Alabama. 

     "Mary Sampson is the only designer we will go to in the future to design our brochures. We had a bad experience with a previous company and were hesitant to start again, but our experience with Mary so different, in a good way! We received a brochure that exceeded anything we had imagined and it perfectly captures our business." 
     - Marco Polilo, President, DEFCO.

GHI Co-op
    Greenbelt Homes, Inc. is a cooperative that provides quality homes for our members and fosters opportunities for community.

    "The talent and quality of Ms. Sampson's work was OUTSTANDING! It was also very quick and very efficient given some short deadlines."
    - Zacharia Tripp, CEO, GHI Co-op

JKL Assoc., Inc.
    JKL Associates, Inc. (JKL) provides utility construction services to telecommunication, power, and cable television companies in both the private and public sector.

    "Great logo design options, efficient process - we got the best possible outcome and it was a good customer experience. We are over the moon happy with our new corporate logo, and will definitely be using you again!!"
    - Yulia Villanova, Lead Designer, JKL Associates, Inc.

I recently joined the staff at Smashing Magazine as a subject matter expert and speaker. My upcoming speaking engagements include: 
    - Smashing Conference, January 12th, 2021, Denver, Colorado
    - Smashing Everything, August 1st - 4th, 2021, Duseldörf, Germany
    - Smashed Again: New Year's Edition, December 31st, 2021 - January 3rd, 2022, Las Vegas, NV
    
You may visit my portfolio at <Portfolio URL> to see examples of my work, and call me at (555) 555-5555 to set up an interview. Thank you.

Sincerely,

 

Mary J. Sampson
Enclosure: Resume

"Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works." -- Steve Jobs, co-founder of Apple, Inc.
